# subject list

tot_dom=number,algebra,analysis,geom,probstat,misc
dom_algebra=prealg,elemalg,linalg,absalg,code
dom_analysis=precalc,calc
dom_geom=euclgeom,anageom,affgeom
dom_number=prealg,arith
dom_probstat=proba,stat
dom_misc=combi,logic

name_code=code
list_code=codes, crypt, Hamming, error, detection, entropy

enname_code=coding theory
enname_codes=codes
enname_crypt=cryptology
enname_Hamming=Hamming distance
enname_error=error correcting codes
enname_detection=error detection
enname_entropy=entropy
chname_code=编码理论
chname_codes=编码
chname_crypt=密码
chname_Hamming=汉明距离
chname_error=纠错码
chname_detection=发现错误
chname_entropy=熵

name_absalg=absalg
list_absalg=groups, rings, fields

enname_absalg=abstract algebra
enname_groups=groups
enname_rings=rings
enname_fields=fields
chname_absalg=抽象代数
chname_groups=群
chname_rings=环
chname_fields=域

name_linalg=linalg
list_linalg=matrices, determinant, linearsys, vectors, vectorspa, linearmaps

enname_linalg=linear algebra
enname_matrices=matrix
enname_determinant=determinant
enname_linearsys=linear systems
enname_vectors=vectors
enname_vectorspa=vector spaces
enname_linearmaps=linear maps
chname_linalg=线性代数
chname_matrices=矩阵
chname_determinant=行列式
chname_linearsys=线性方程组
chname_vectors=向量
chname_vectorspa=向量空间
chname_linearmaps=线性映射

name_prealg=prealg
list_prealg=fractions, decimals, percents, equations, proportionality

enname_prealg=pre-algebra
enname_fractions=fractions
enname_decimals=decimals
enname_percents=percents
enname_equations=equations
enname_proportionality=proportionality
chname_prealg=学前代数
chname_fractions=分数
chname_decimals=小数
chname_percents=百分比
chname_equations=等式
chname_proportionality=比例

name_elemalg=elemalg
list_elemalg=equations, polynomials, roots, compnum, factorization

enname_elemalg=elementary algebra
enname_equations=equations
enname_polynomials=polynomials
enname_roots=roots
enname_compnum=complex numbers
enname_factorization=factorization
chname_elemalg=小学代数
chname_equations=方程
chname_polynomials=多项式
chname_roots=根
chname_compnum=复数
chname_factorization=因子分解

name_algebra=algebra

enname_algebra=algebra
chname_algebra=代数

name_precalc=precalc
list_precalc=inequalities, functions, roots, equations, trigonometry,\
    realnum, intervals, limits

enname_precalc=pre-calculus
enname_inequalities=inequalities
enname_functions=functions
enname_roots=roots
enname_equations=equations
enname_trigonometry=trigonometry
enname_realnum=real numbers
enname_intervals=intervals
enname_limits=limits
chname_precalc=预科微积分
chname_inequalities=不等式
chname_functions=函数
chname_roots=根
chname_equations=方程
chname_trigonometry=三角
chname_realnum=实数
chname_intervals=区间
chname_limits=极限

name_calc=calc
list_calc=derivatives, integrals, primitives, definiteint,\
    continuity, differentiability, sequences, series,\
    Taylorexp, Taylorser, Fourierser,\
    Laplace, Fouriertrans, limits,\
    ODE, diffequat

enname_calc=calculus
enname_derivatives=derivatives
enname_integrals=integrals
enname_primitives=primitives
enname_definiteint=definite integrals
enname_continuity=continuity
enname_differentiability=differentiability
enname_sequences=sequences
enname_series=series
enname_Taylorexp=Taylor expansion
enname_Taylorser=Taylor series
enname_Fourierser=Fourier series
enname_Laplace=Laplase transforms
enname_Fouriertrans=Fourier transforms
enname_limits=limits
enname_ODE=ODE
enname_diffequat=differential equations
chname_calc=微积分
chname_derivatives=导数
chname_integrals=积分
chname_primitives=原函数
chname_definiteint=定积分
chname_continuity=连续
chname_differentiability=可微
chname_sequences=序列
chname_series=级数
chname_Taylorexp=泰勒展开
chname_Taylorser=泰勒级数
chname_Fourierser=傅里叶级数
chname_Laplace=拉普拉斯变换
chname_Fouriertrans=傅里叶变换
chname_limits=极限
chname_ODE=常微分方程
chname_diffequat=微分方程

name_analysis=analysis
enname_analysis=analysis
chname_analysis=数学分析

name_arith=arith
list_arith=integers, modarit, gcdlcm, facto,\
    Bezout, congruence, primes, euclid,\
    Dioph, Goldbach

enname_arith=arithmetic
enname_integers=integers
enname_modarit=modular arithmetic
enname_gcdlcm=gcd lcm
enname_facto=factorization
enname_Bezout=Bezout algorithm
enname_congruence=congruence
enname_primes=primes
enname_euclid=euclidean algorithm
enname_Dioph=Diophantine equations
enname_Goldbach=Goldbach
chname_arith=数论
chname_integers=整数
chname_modarit=同余计算
chname_gcdlcm=最大公因数 最小公倍数
chname_facto=因子分解
chname_Bezout=贝祖算法
chname_congruence=同余
chname_primes=素数
chname_euclid=欧几里德算法
chname_Dioph=丢番图方程
chname_Goldbach=哥德巴赫

name_number=number
list_number=complex, continued, real, numbering

enname_number=numbers
enname_complex=complex numbers
enname_continued=continued fraction
enname_real=real numbers
enname_numbering=numbering systems
chname_number=数
chname_complex=复数
chname_continued=连分数
chname_real=实数
chname_numbering=数系

name_proba=proba
list_proba=distributions, entropy

enname_proba=probability
enname_distributions=distributions
enname_entropy=entropy
chname_proba=概率
chname_distributions=分布
chname_entropy=熵

name_stat=stat
list_stat=statis, means, deviation, regression

enname_stat=statistics
enname_statis=statistical data
enname_means=means
enname_deviation=deviation
enname_regression=regression
chname_stat=统计
chname_statis=统计数据
chname_means=均值
chname_deviation=偏差
chname_regression=回归

name_probstat=probstat
enname_probstat=probability-statistics
chname_probstat=概率统计

name_affgeom=affgeom
list_affgeom=lines, planes, hyperplanes

enname_affgeom=affine geometry
enname_lines=lines
enname_planes=planes
enname_hyperplanes=hyperplanes
chname_affgeom=仿射几何
chname_lines=直线
chname_planes=平面
chname_hyperplanes=超平面

name_euclgeom=euclgeom
list_euclgeom=line, circles, rectangles, polygons,\
    angles, triangles, ruler

enname_euclgeom=euclidean geometry
enname_line=lines
enname_circles=circles
enname_rectangles=rectangles
enname_polygons=polygons
enname_angles=angles
enname_triangles=triangles
enname_ruler=ruler and compass
chname_euclgeom=欧氏几何
chname_line=直线
chname_circles=圆周
chname_rectangles=矩形
chname_polygons=多边形
chname_angles=角
chname_triangles=三角形
chname_ruler=直尺圆规

name_anageom=anageom
list_anageom=surfaces, curves, parcur, polcur,\
    conics, parabola, hyperbola, ellipse, circle, Lissajous

enname_anageom=analytic geometry
enname_surfaces=surfaces
enname_curves=curves
enname_parcur=parametric curves
enname_polcur=polar curves
enname_conics=conics
enname_parabola=parabola
enname_hyperbola=hyperbola
enname_ellipse=ellipse
enname_circle=circle
enname_Lissajous=Lissajous
chname_anageom=解析几何
chname_surfaces=曲面
chname_curves=曲线
chname_parcur=参数曲线
chname_polcur=极坐标曲线
chname_conics=圆锥曲线
chname_parabola=抛物线
chname_hyperbola=双曲线
chname_ellipse=椭圆
chname_circle=圆
chname_Lissajous=里萨日曲线

name_geom=geom
list_geom=graphing, trigono

enname_geom=geometry
enname_graphing=graphing
enname_trigono=trigonometry
chname_geom=几何
chname_graphing=作图
chname_trigono=三角

name_combi=combi
list_combi=factorial, combination, permutation

enname_combi=combinatorics
enname_factorial=factorial
enname_combination=combination
enname_permutation=permutation
chname_combi=组合
chname_factorial=因子分解
chname_combination=组合
chname_permutation=置换

name_logic=logic
list_logic=sets, maps

enname_logic=logic
enname_sets=sets
enname_maps=maps
chname_logic=逻辑
chname_sets=集合
chname_maps=映射

name_misc=misc
enname_misc=miscellaneous
chname_misc=其余
